Oh we covered a lot of bad modules in this course section.
Now I want to have a look at the last type of modules you will see in some angular apps in this set
up we get our app module of app component and so on and we get a feature module.
Please notice that the app module besides the app component.
We also have a number component and a directive.
It's not part of our feature.
It's part of the root app you could say.
So maybe like the header component something which really is only used in the app component things like
this which really belong only to the core of your application or to the root should be put into a core
module.
Again only for restructuring reasons to keep your app module as lean as possible.
Let's see this applied to arrest people gap